Instructions to utilize the CT reconstruction code

Parameters.py: All scan parameters are set in this file.

Parameters to change:
1. The number of ASICS (num_asics) is 2 multiplied by the number of modules in your detector.
2. DSD is the source to detector distance in mm.
3. DSO is the source to center of rotation (or object) distance.
4. direction is the direction of rotation of the gantry (if the object is stationary and the x-ray tube and detector
   are rotating around it) -1 for ccw (I think) 1 for clockwise
   (if unsure what to set to play with both to see which gives the better image)
5. dang is the angle between projections (ex. if taking 180 projections, dang would be 2)
6. filter is the type of high-pass filter used as the roll off on the ramp filter ('hamming' is the default)
   If another type of high-pass filter is desired, it can be added in the if else portion of the 'filtering' function
   in spectral_reconstruction.py
7. off_u and off_v are the offsets (in mm) in the longer and shorter detector dimensions, respectively.
   These are used if the center of the detector is not lined up with the axis of rotation.
8. spline-order is the order of spline interpolation used to remap the projections values in backprojection.
   The default value is 1, as it offers the lowest noise in the data I've reconstructed.
9. The deadpixel mask is a numpy matrix of ones, with pixels that are non-conforming set to nan
   The pixels have coordinates (asic, row, column)

spectral_reconstruction.py: What functions to call in order to reconstruct your projections.

1. Make sure your data is in 1 array with shape <captures, views, asics, rows, columns, counters>.
   You can np.transpose() to get the axes in the correct order.
2. Make sure you have an air scan and a dark current scan with the same shape as the data, but only 1 capture is
   necessary. The dark current scan may not strictly be necessary, if it is not desired comment out lines 35 and 36 in
   spectral_reconstruction.py, function generate_projections.
3. If you have split up your captures into multiple views, choose how many views per projections you want to use in the
   reconstruction.
4. Call generate_projections and hand it your data, the air scan, the dark scan, and if you want to reconstruct a subset
   of views, set num_views equal to that number n (num_views=n) as the last parameter.
5. OPTIONAL: call multiple_proj_remove_stripe, handing it the projections from generate_projections.
   This function is used to correct for ring artifacts in the final reconstructed images, it removes stripe artifacts
   in the sinogram stage. CAUTION: it can cause more severe ring artifacts and distortions
6. Call filtering, handing it the projections generate_projections (or multiple_proj_remove_stripe) spits out.
7. Call CT_backprojection, handing it the filtered projections given by filtering.
   This spits out the full reconstructed volume with the shape <counter, x, y, z>
